Adding JS guidelines for PRS (tests and reviews) (#2235)
theforeman/theforeman.org: handbook.md

* Use exporting/importing values from/to modules to manage dependencies.
* Try to reuse components from Patternfly as much as possible 
* Use specific css selectors to avoid conflicts with other plugins or the core.

> * Write tests in React Testing Library for simple component tests, and write integration tests using Capybara for more complex scenarios.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should link to https://guides.rubyonrails.org/testing.html#system-testing and start calling them system tests.
```suggestion
* Write tests in React Testing Library for simple component tests, and write [system tests](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/testing.html#system-testing) using Capybara for more complex scenarios.
```

One quirk there is that today our testing is still using the old integration tests while Rails split that into two: integration tests for controller testing (without a browser) and system testing for complete end-to-end testing.

Author: yes, this could be a start of our improvement

- All string extractions follows our rules.
- Commit message follows the [format](Commit messages)
- Code follows the style rules mentioned above

> - If the function is used in other places, check other places for compatibility (Foreman and Katello github orgs should be checked)

Reviewer: Should we point to https://theforeman.github.io/foreman-plugin-overview/#foreman?

Author: added and added a link to github search quary
